SystemDesign/Caching/Caching.md, before:

## What is Caching?

A cache is just a temporary storage that keeps recently used data handy so you can get it much faster next time.

### Caching in Memory

![Caching](assets/Caching.png)

### Where to Cache

#### Client-side Caching

![Client-side Caching](assets/Where%20to%20cache/Client-side%20Caching.png)

#### In-Process Caching

![In-Process Caching](assets/Where%20to%20cache/In-Process%20Caching.png)

#### External Caching

![External Caching](assets/Where%20to%20cache/External%20Caching.png)

#### Content Delivery Network (CDN)

![CDN](assets/Where%20to%20cache/CDN.png)

### Cache Architecture

#### Cache-Aside

![Cache-Aside](assets/Cache%20Architecture/1.%20Cache-Aside.png)

#### Read-through

![Read-through](assets/Cache%20Architecture/4.%20Read-through.png)

#### Write-through

![Write-through](assets/Cache%20Architecture/2.%20Write-through.png)

#### Write-behind

![Write-behind](assets/Cache%20Architecture/3.%20Write-behind.png)

### Cache Eviction Policies

![Cache Eviction Policies](assets/Cache%20Eviction%20Policies/Cache%20Eviction%20Policies.png)

### Common Issues

#### Cache Stampede (Thundering Herd)

![Cache Stampede](assets/Common%20Issues/1.%20Cache%20Stampede%20(Thundering%20Herd).png)

#### Cache Consistency

![Cache Consistency](assets/Common%20Issues/2.%20Cache%20Consistency.png)

#### Hot Keys

![Hot Keys](assets/Common%20Issues/3.%20Hot%20Keys.png)

Commit message:

Add section on when to bring up caching in Caching.md, including a new asset image to improve visual documentation and understanding of caching strategies.

SystemDesign/Caching/Caching.md, after:

## What is Caching?

A cache is just a temporary storage that keeps recently used data handy so you can get it much faster next time.

### When to Bring Up Caching?

![When to Bring Up Caching](assets/When%20to%20Bring%20Up%20Caching.png)

### Caching in Memory

![Caching](assets/Caching.png)

### Where to Cache

#### Client-side Caching

![Client-side Caching](assets/Where%20to%20cache/Client-side%20Caching.png)

#### In-Process Caching

![In-Process Caching](assets/Where%20to%20cache/In-Process%20Caching.png)

#### External Caching

![External Caching](assets/Where%20to%20cache/External%20Caching.png)

#### Content Delivery Network (CDN)

![CDN](assets/Where%20to%20cache/CDN.png)

### Cache Architecture

#### Cache-Aside

![Cache-Aside](assets/Cache%20Architecture/1.%20Cache-Aside.png)

#### Read-through

![Read-through](assets/Cache%20Architecture/4.%20Read-through.png)

#### Write-through

![Write-through](assets/Cache%20Architecture/2.%20Write-through.png)

#### Write-behind

![Write-behind](assets/Cache%20Architecture/3.%20Write-behind.png)

### Cache Eviction Policies

![Cache Eviction Policies](assets/Cache%20Eviction%20Policies/Cache%20Eviction%20Policies.png)

### Common Issues

#### Cache Stampede (Thundering Herd)

![Cache Stampede](assets/Common%20Issues/1.%20Cache%20Stampede%20(Thundering%20Herd).png)

#### Cache Consistency

![Cache Consistency](assets/Common%20Issues/2.%20Cache%20Consistency.png)

#### Hot Keys

![Hot Keys](assets/Common%20Issues/3.%20Hot%20Keys.png)
